Fix bug #13942: allow deterministic interpretation of modes (#13952)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/13952-typeclasses-eauto-best_effort.rst

- **Added:**

>   :ref:`typeclasses eauto best_effort <TypeclassesEautoBestEffort>` option,
>   allowing :tacn:`typeclasses eauto` to return a *partial* solution to
>   its initial proof-search problem. The goals that are allowed not to be
>   solved are determined according to mode declared for their head (see :cmd:`Hint Mode`).
>   This is used by typeclass resolution during type inference to provide more informative
>   error messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A :ref:`best_effort <TypeclassesEautoBestEffort>` option for
  :tacn:`typeclasses eauto` permitting the tactic to return a *partial* solution to
  its initial proof-search problem.
  When specified, typeclass resolution will generate more informative error messages
  during type inference.  The mode associated with the head symbol
  of each goal (see :cmd:`Hint Mode`) determines whether the goal may be left
  unsolved.
```
